docs - update postgres (#30592)
metabase/metabase: docs/databases/connections/postgresql.md

### Additional JDBC connection string options

You can append options to the connection string that Metabase uses to connect to your database. Use the format:

```
options=-c%20key=value
```

> Note that PostgreSQL connection URIs expect percent-encoding for whitespaces and symbols.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PostgreSQL connection URIs expect [percent-encoding](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Glossary/Percent-encoding) for whitespaces and symbols.
```
